feat: Add github collaboration script and workflow documentation (#987)
fortran-lang/stdlib: WORKFLOW.md

to test the CMake subproject integration.

## GitHub collaboration

Contributing can be daunting, we know! Even more for a big project with many contributors, and if you are not expert on the whole github workflow then even more, we have been there at some point.

In order to help lowering the barrier for collaborating on ongoing efforts (e.g. an open PR), we have crafted a simple script that might come in handy. To explain the process we'll use Alice (the person you want to help) and Bob (you):

       ┌────────────────────────────┐
       │    fortran-lang/stdlib     │
       └────────────▲───────────────┘
                    │
                    │  [Pull Request]
                    │
            ┌───────┴────────┐
            │  alice/stdlib  │ ←─────┐
            └──────▲─────────┘       │
                   │                 │
   [PR Branch] ←───┘          ┌──────┴──────┐
   feature-branch             │  bob/stdlib │
   (hosted here)              │    (fork)   │
                              └─────────────┘
                                     ▲
                                     │
                       [Push access to Alice's repo]

> After having forked and downloaded locally `stdlib` on your local machine; on an unix compatible terminal with access to the `git` CLI, being at the root folder: 

Reviewer: I guess it should be mentioned that the fork is from `fortran-lang/stdlib` (and not from `alice/stdlib`)

to test the CMake subproject integration.

## GitHub collaboration

Contributing can be daunting, we know! Even more for a big project with many contributors, and if you are not expert on the whole github workflow then even more, we have been there at some point.

In order to help lowering the barrier for collaborating on ongoing efforts (e.g. an open PR), we have crafted a simple script that might come in handy. To explain the process we'll use Alice (the person you want to help) and Bob (you):

       ┌────────────────────────────┐
       │    fortran-lang/stdlib     │
       └────────────▲───────────────┘
                    │
                    │  [Pull Request]
                    │
            ┌───────┴────────┐
            │  alice/stdlib  │ ←─────┐
            └──────▲─────────┘       │
                   │                 │
   [PR Branch] ←───┘          ┌──────┴──────┐
   feature-branch             │  bob/stdlib │
   (hosted here)              │    (fork)   │
                              └─────────────┘
                                     ▲
                                     │
                       [Push access to Alice's repo]

> After having forked from `fortran-lang/stdlib` and downloaded `stdlib` on your local machine; on an unix compatible terminal with access to the `git` CLI, being at the root folder: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After having forked from `fortran-lang/stdlib` and cloned your `stdlib` fork on your local machine; on an unix compatible terminal with access to the `git` CLI, being at the root folder: 
```
